Remove GCC and Note (#3691)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/sharepoint-azureb2b-integration.md

> This integration isn't supported in the following Microsoft 365 services:
> - Office 365 operated by 21Vianet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> This integration isn't supported in Office 365 operated by 21Vianet.
```
